RFC ??: WPT testing for AAMs (#204)
web-platform-tests/rfcs: rfcs/wpt-for-aams.md

particular element.  This allows testing the two core properties for
nodes in the computed, platform-independent accessibility tree,
verifying that the first step of the process for supporting the
platform accessibility APIs has been successfully completed for those
properties.

Computing the platform-independent role is supported in the AAMs,
particularly in HTML-AAM, by the addition to each mapping table of a
"computed" row in addition to the platform-specific API rows. In the
`<button>` example above, in fact, every API and the "Computed"
mapping all defer to the WAI-ARIA mapping for the `"button"`
role. When no equivalent ARIA role exists, the HTML element name with
a prefix of `html-` is used, as in the mapping for
[`<canvas>`](https://www.w3.org/TR/html-aam-1.0/#el-canvas).

Name computation, meanwhile, is complex and important enough to get a
whole spec to itself: [Accessible Name and Description
Computation](https://www.w3.org/TR/accname-1.2/) - as well as
[detailed steps for certain HTML
elements](https://www.w3.org/TR/html-aam-1.0/#accname-computation).

#### Potential WebDriver extensions for accessibility

> There is [a proposal](https://github.com/WICG/aom/issues/203) to add an extension to WebDriver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is [a proposal](https://github.com/WICG/aom/issues/203) and a related 
[WPT Pull Request](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt/pull/55784) to add an extension to WebDriver
```

> to allow accessing a full "computed accessibility node" for an element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to allow accessing a more complete list of computed accessibility properties.
```

This would allow fetching a much more extensive set of computed accessibility properties for an element via WebDriver.

> Like Computed Label and Computed Role, these would be querying the platform-independent, computed accessibility tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like Computed Label and Computed Role, these would be querying the platform-independent, browser-internal accessibility tree.
```
